
Universiy of  Technology
               School of Computing and Information Technology

                          SHOULD BE DONE USING C++


System Specification

The University of Technology has suddenly recognized that a number of world-
 class sport persons are always among its current or pass student
population. Examples are Asafa Powel (Track and Field), Maceleno Moving
(Soccer), Sherone Simpson (Track and Field ), Nicala Gibson (Netball) and
the list could go on.
You are required  develop a simple sports Sports Management System (SMS)
that will help to manage sports activities at the University of Technology.

The University has a number of different sporting teams in each faculty.
All teams have a team code, Title, team size, squad size, coach, captain,
number of wins and number of losses. The University is planning to start
initially with 3 different sporting activities namely soccer, track & field
and netball. For these three sports we need to consider additional
information relevant to the respect sport.

For a soccer team we need to consider the team memebers, number of red
cards, number of yellow cards, and number of reserved players, total goals
scored, total goals against. For netball team we need to keep track of the
team members, total number of points scored, total number of points
against. For track & field we need to consider team members, number of
total number of goal medals, number of silver medals, seasons best time,
number of appearances, number of bronze medals and total number of medals.


A match is basically an active competition between two teams. For each
match we must a match code eg. SO4, officials, location, time played , team
1, team 2, date played, results, MVP name, winner and loser. For a football
match we need to keep track of number of penalties, number of corners
number of throws. For a netball match we need need to consider number of
penalties and number of free passes. For a track meet we need to cinsider
number of false starts.

For all team members of any sport we need to keep track of their name,
address, date of birth, id number and faculty.

You can factor out any redundancies in the above specification with valid
reasons. You can also add extra functionalities, try to be creative and
intuitive.





The users require the following functionalities of the system:

   1. Add/delete /edit view a team's information.
   2. Add/delete/edit view a match's information
   3. Display team stastics eg. Played 3-Win 2- lose1-draw0
   4. Extentions of your choice. In the documentation be sure to explain
      clearly your extentions. A possible extention is the ability to
      determine which player  plays  more than one sport. Another is the
      ability to print information about all the matches in the system.


Use files to maintain the persistency of all data entered. The names of all
the MVP should be written to a separate file called "mvp.txt"


How the program should be handed in

Hand in the following :
    . Hardcopy of the documents i.e. noun verb analysis, class diagrams and
      relationship diagrams
    . Softcopy of all files for the project (.ide, .h, .cpp, .exe, etc).
      Also remember to include all files that store the information for the
      system (.txt, .dat, )

Marking Scheme

    . Functionality of SMS

    . Use of graphics to make SMS look and feel better

    . Object orientated analysis(noun- verb analysis, class diagrams,
      relationship diagrams)

    . The program should consist of comments to explain the code.



