
GENERAL:


    . Change the data type for the fields to accept both numbers and text
      because if a mistake is made entering the wrong thing the screen
      either freezes or skips out some of the required entries
    . Make sure to be consistent with the wording. For example if you're
      using information on one screen don't use data on another. The same
      goes for the words players and members.
    . Make sure the screen says exactly what it does on the top and bottom.
      For example when deleting a player the top of the screen should not
      say adding a player.
    . You need to put an option for getting out and back to the main menu or
      previous menu on each screen. For example when you enter info and it
      says database updated successfully I have to go close and re-execute
      the program to do another task.
    . Make sure prompt is relevant for particular screen for example when
      viewing a netball match prompt should not say do you want to view all
      soccer match
    . The program does not accept keyboard for menu for menu option where it
      says enter choice.
    . User should be able to print records.
    . Where you have enter officials i.e. T. Withmore it should be e.g. T
      Whitmore. The same goes for entering the time.
    . Need to be able to edit a match information or player information
      without retyping even the information that does not need correction.
    . Please change the name of the file that the names of all the MVP is
      written to, to "mvp.txt"




Match Management

    . When the number of corners is entered it is overtyping the sports
      system text that is highlighted in gray to the lower right of the
      screen.
    . Only some of the prompts appear on the top of the screen others appear
      in the task bar and I have to manually bring it up.
    . When editing an existing match it takes me to a screen that says
      adding new soccer match. Then when I enter the id it says the id
      already exists it does not allow me to edit which it should.




   Member management


      . In member management menu when you select the main menu option it
        redisplays the same menu not the main menu.
      . If a mistake is made in entering information and the enter button
        is already pressed need to be able to go back and correct it.
      . For delete member when you choose that option it just takes you to
        the screen delete member and it does not allow you to enter data.
      . When you choose to display members if you press the up or down
        arrows it just takes you forward it should be able to take you back
        or forward through the list. Also when you reach the last entry it
        just takes you out and back to the main menu without warning.
      . When you click on delete member the screen just comes up without
        allowing user to enter the member to delete. Then a message prompt
        comes up saying id # could not be found. When I click on ok another
        one comes up saying are you sure you want to delete this team. It
        should read are you sure you want to delete this player and it
        should also allow me to enter the player ID.
      . When trying to edit an existing member after entering player's id
        number and the info is displayed where the members D.O.B should be
        it had a line of text that says here is the players information.
        This line of text appears in the middle of the information on other
        screens.
      . There should also be an entry for the team code for the member.

